I'm right up here where you live up
there I don't understand how we've never
met I've probably skated by your house
like every day on the way to practice
that you would want to do something
sometime would you I could pay for your
night this your first live show really
likes you I can tell
I am not comfortable with him not
knowing what should I have said hey by
the way if the Sun hits my skin I could
die she's sick Katie we please just talk
to me
this isn't something you can just not
tell me I'm so sorry but we're not the
couple who doesn't try
every day I waited for you to walk by my
window if I just looked up we could have
been together this whole time